cedric.md, before:

Hi Cedric users!

Just another month, another ASB. This time though, I have done some
platform-specific changes instead of just a security update.

There's nothing new device-specific unfortunately. But no worries,
because even platform-specific fixes are helpful, isn't it? :P

Message for 1.3 can be found here:
https://git.polycule.co/ProjectKasumi/android/vendor_kasumi/-/commit/5ad2984e8e7c70efac569258b4c08e694371a1ba

Enjoy it!
                       Beru "Stella" Hinode

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

P.S If you're experiencing some random crash occurring on WebView
container of Google Chrome, try switching to a more cutting edge
channel (such as Beta). I was trying to find if it's just Kasumi thing
or happens on some other ROM too. Luckily enough, my brother using an
OPPO A91 with ColorOS Android 11 also reported me that he suffers the
same issue since last week. So don't worry, even if not now, it will
hit every other Chrome user sooner or later as well.

Commit message:

Push new OTA for cedric, garden, mido, ocean and s2
* Build type: vanilla

Signed-off-by: Beru Hinode <windowz414@1337.lgbt>

cedric.md, after:

Hi Cedric users!

An unexpected update, focusing on some more platform-specific fixes
along with some touches to bad ancient codes. This one still doesn't
include new device-specific stuff as always, so whatever you get
fixed is usually fixed globally for all devices as well.

This one also bumps the version string to "1.3.1" on our build system,
even though you, the user, won't see it in here. I gotta look into it
as well.

Message for 1.3.1 (1.3-r2) can be found here:
https://git.polycule.co/ProjectKasumi/android/vendor_kasumi/-/commit/2e1eb919fe2a87f9541571c9f2f76917c252a456

Enjoy it!
                       Beru "Stella" Hinode

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

P.S If you're experiencing some random crash occurring on WebView
container of Google Chrome, try switching to a more cutting edge
channel (such as Beta). I was trying to find if it's just Kasumi thing
or happens on some other ROM too. Luckily enough, my brother using an
OPPO A91 with ColorOS Android 11 also reported me that he suffers the
same issue since last week. So don't worry, even if not now, it will
hit every other Chrome user sooner or later as well.
